{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Student Information\
################\
<Megh Trivedi>\
<0886172> \
\
PROGRAM:  \
	A program that manages your investments. Types of investments that it manages is stocks and \
mutual funds. Allows you to add new investments, sell investments, update your investments, search your investments and shows you the total gain of all your investments. \
\
NOTICE: \
	Please read code before deducting marks and acting like a clown. \
\
HOW TO RUN: \
	This was created on Eclipse. Open in Eclipse. Go to run and click run configurations. Go to arguments, and under program argument include the input file name. then click run. \
\
ASSUMPTION: \
	- DOES NOT SPECIFY THAT BUTTONS MUST BE ON THE RIGHT SIDE. THEREFORE BUTTONS ARE ON THE BOTTOM. \
	- USED TEXTFIELDS AS LABELS. \
\
LIMITATIONS: \
	- DATA FILE MUST PARSE WITH SPLIT  WITH DELIMITER FORMAT\
	- DATA FILE MUST BE .TXT \
\
TEST CASES\
###############\
\
CASE 1:   \
\
	INPUT:  \

\f1\fs22 |    symbol    |   A\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 |     name     |   B\
|   quantity   |   12\
|     price    |   3.00\
|   bookValue  |   477.00\
\

\f0\fs24 CASE 2: \
	- SELL PANEL TEXTFIELD EXCEPTIONS \
\
CASE 3: \
	- BUY PANEL TEXTFIELD EXCEPTIONS \
\
CASE 4: \
\
	- INDIVIDUAL GETGAIN IS SOMETIMES NEGATIVE\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
}